# Best NYC Locations for a New Chinese Restaurant

## Introduction/Business Problem
As many existing businesses are striving to succeed, new ones are just beginning to leave their mark. A new Chinese restaurant is opening in New York City, but the location has yet to be determined. It is very important to choose a good, reputable location when starting a new business to attract a large customer base. In this project, we will help the client find an ideal list of neighborhoods to open a Chinese restaurant.

## Data
Most potential customers nowadays will turn to the internet to find a new place to visit. They may compare restaurants to see which place better fits them and their cravings. Some features that they may look at is the rating, reviews, cuisine type, price range, menu items, etc.  Since these people are potential customers, businesses want to build a good reputation to make themselves stand out.  A couple of factors that make a business stand out on the web is a high rating and a large number of positive feedback. These two features can be a big indicator of the success of the restaurant and the quality of its food and service. 

The location can also be a factor in the success of a restaurant. Selecting a location for a restaurant is not easy, but it is critical to find the right neighborhood for your business. One way to start this search is by evaluating what others business owners have done before you. Looking at the average neighborhood reputation for Chinese restaurants can be helpful as you do not want to start your business in a negative light. It is also important to factor in the demographic data because that can impact the number of customers that you will receive. In this project, we will include both the reputation (average and variance of rating and number of likes) and the demographic data (population density, total population, and Chinese population). The goal is to cluster the neighborhoods by using different subsets of these features and then find the best cluster with the highest average rating. This will help narrow down the locations during the location selection process.

The three important pieces of information for this project is the neighborhood, demographic, and reputation data. The neighborhood and demographic data can both be obtained by using BeautifulSoup to scrape the tables off of external sites. Then geocoder is used to find the latitude and longitude of the neighborhoods in NYC. Using these locations, Foursquare can be accessed to find nearby Chinese restaurants and the reputation for each restaurant. The reputation data can be obtained by using Foursquare’s venue detail endpoint. If neighborhoods or restaurants do not have certain data, they will be disregarded.
